feat: Support configuring behavior of `loki.source.syslog` setting the year of an incoming timestamp (#2755)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.syslog.md

The following arguments can be used to configure a `listener`.
Only the `address` field is required and any omitted fields take their default values.

| Name                              | Type          | Description                                                                            | Default   | Required |

> |-----------------------------------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|----------|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
```

Really minor table formatting tweak.  Inserting a space before/after the pipes: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-tables

| `address`                         | `string`      | The `<host:port>` address to listen to for syslog messages.                            |           | yes      |
| `idle_timeout`                    | `duration`    | The idle timeout for TCP connections.                                                  | `"120s"`  | no       |
| `label_structured_data`           | `bool`        | Whether to translate syslog structured data to Loki labels.                            | `false`   | no       |
| `labels`                          | `map(string)` | The labels to associate with each received syslog record.                              | `{}`      | no       |
| `max_message_length`              | `int`         | The maximum limit to the length of syslog messages.                                    | `8192`    | no       |

> | `protocol`                        | `string`      | The protocol to listen to for syslog messages. Must be either `tcp` or `udp`.          | `tcp`     | no       |
> | `syslog_format`                   | `string`      | The format for incoming messages. Must be either `rfc5424` or `rfc3164`.               | `rfc5424` | no       |
> | `use_incoming_timestamp`          | `bool`        | Whether to set the timestamp to the incoming syslog record timestamp.                  | `false`   | no       |
> | `use_rfc5424_message`             | `bool`        | Whether to forward the full RFC5424-formatted syslog message.                          | `false`   | no       |
> | `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` | `bool`        | Whether to default the incoming timestamp of an `rfc3164` message to the current year. | `false`   | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `protocol`                        | `string`      | The protocol to listen to for syslog messages. Must be either `tcp` or `udp`.          | `tcp`     | no       |
| `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` | `bool`        | Whether to default the incoming timestamp of an `rfc3164` message to the current year. | `false`   | no       |
| `syslog_format`                   | `string`      | The format for incoming messages. Must be either `rfc5424` or `rfc3164`.               | `rfc5424` | no       |
| `use_incoming_timestamp`          | `bool`        | Whether to set the timestamp to the incoming syslog record timestamp.                  | `false`   | no       |
| `use_rfc5424_message`             | `bool`        | Whether to forward the full RFC5424-formatted syslog message.                          | `false`   | no       |
```

Alphabetic order for rows moves new arg up under `protocol`.

If `label_structured_data` is set, structured data in the syslog header is also translated to internal labels in the form of `__syslog_message_sd_<ID>_<KEY>`.
For example, a  structured data entry of `[example@99999 test="yes"]` becomes the label `__syslog_message_sd_example_99999_test` with the value `"yes"`.

> The `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` argument is only relevant when `use_incoming_timestamp` is also set to `true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` argument is only relevant when `use_incoming_timestamp` is also set to `true`.
```

> `rfc3164` message timestamps don't contain a year and the default behavior of this component is to mimic Promtail behavior and leave the year as 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rfc3164` message timestamps don't contain a year, and this component's default behavior is to mimic Promtail behavior and leave the year as 0.
```

> `rfc3164` message timestamps do not contain a year and the default behavior of this component is to mimic promtail behavior and leave the year as 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rfc3164` message timestamps don't contain a year and the default behavior of this component is to mimic Promtail behavior and leave the year as 0.
```

> Setting `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` to true sets the year of the incoming timestamp to the current year using the local time of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` to `true` sets the year of the incoming timestamp to the current year using the local time of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance.
```

> Setting `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` to true will set the year of the incoming timestamp to the current year using the local time of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `rfc3164_default_to_current_year` to true sets the year of the incoming timestamp to the current year using the local time of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance.
```
